# Development

**Read about the technical part of building Apify Actors. Learn to define Actor inputs, build new versions, persist Actor state, and choose base Docker images.**

This section will guide you through the whole story of Actor development.

You can follow chapters sequentially from [Quick start](/platform/actors/development/quick-start), where you learn how to create your first Actor in just a few minutes, through the more technical sections describing the whole Actor model, up to the [Performance](/platform/actors/development/performance) section, where you learn how to fine-tune your Actor to get the most out of the Apify platform.

## Sections

### [Quick start](/platform/actors/development/quick-start)
Create your first Actor using Apify Console IDE or locally.

### [Actor definition](/platform/actors/development/actor-definition)
Learn how to turn your arbitrary code into an Actor simply by adding an Actor definition directory.

### [Programming interface](/platform/actors/development/programming-interface)
Learn about the programming interface of Apify Actors, important commands and features provided by the Apify SDK, and how to use them in your Actors.

### [Deployment](/platform/actors/development/deployment)
Learn how to deploy your Actors to the Apify platform and build them.

### [Builds and runs](/platform/actors/development/builds-and-runs)
Learn about Actor builds and runs, their lifecycle, versioning, and other properties.

### [Performance](/platform/actors/development/performance)
Learn how to get the maximum value out of your Actors, minimize costs, and maximize results.

---

If your Actor allows for integration with external services, or performs some post-processing of datasets generated by other Actors, check out the section [integration-ready Actors](/platform/integrations/actors/integration-ready-actors).

After your development, you can jump to the section [Publishing and monetization](/platform/actors/publishing) to learn about how to publish your Actor in [Apify Store](https://apify.com/store) and monetize it by renting it out to users of the platform.

[Edit this page on GitHub](https://github.com/apify/apify-docs/edit